//--Balloons2s.txt
//So, if all your balloons are the same size and don't change depending on if they flip left and right because you were clever with your balloon tails, then great! You probably won't need any of these individual text files. However, if your balloons DO differ from each other, such as a big menu balloon and a smaller balloon, or two entirely different balloons for your two characters, then you'll want to set some extra details for those balloons to make sure things look right. You don't want your vertically spaced arrows at the very bottom of a tall balloon, right?

//These txt files will inherit everything from descript.txt, EXCEPT what you change in here. So feel free to ONLY put what needs to be changed in here. Don't give yourself more work or make these files longer than they need to be for no reason, you know?

//The problem with big balloons is that they don't show up in balloon test mode. So you'll have to use the Script Input to get them to show up. Put \b2 in front of any dialogue you put into Script Input to make them use a big balloon, then just put in a bunch of nonsense until it scrolls or whatever and you can test what you need. You can also try using Headlines or RSS feeds to make a big balloon scroll.


//--Differences


//Because the big menu balloon is bigger, make sure to check its origin point. In this case, the two mostly matched, but you should always check.


validrect.left,24
validrect.top,25
validrect.right,286
validrect.bottom,259


//Since this is a bigger balloon, we need to reset the text area as well. Because I just stretched this balloon vertically, the left and right values are mostly the same, but the bottom value is different. If your balloon is larger in all dimensions, you will definitely have to adjust these.


wordwrappoint.x,284
wordwrappoint.y,0


//I noticed while testing the Headlines with a big balloon that the wordwrap should be a bit tighter here for Japanese characters, and so shrank it a little accordingly. If your balloons are a lot bigger or smaller than each other, you'll have to adjust this as well yourself.


font.name,Roboto Condensed
font.color.r,66
font.color.g,8
font.color.b,9


//You could potentially change font size and color for unique balloons, but really, why bother? I suppose it's up to you and your balloon vision though. :o If you don't need to change any of these, just delete them. This file should ONLY contain changes you've made to anything that would be in descript.txt.


windowposition.x,0
windowposition.y,0

//You may want to adjust the position of your balloon if it's extremely large or something like that. Otherwise, ignore this/delete it.


//Image Markers
//Here's where we need to realign things properly for our big balloon.

arrow0.x,285
arrow0.y,16

//These two coordinates define where your up arrow is. They should point at the top left corner of where you want your arrow to be on your balloon. If you marked out a small rectangle around your arrow, it will come in handy for this.


arrow1.x,285
arrow1.y,262

//Likewise, these two apply to your down arrow. Again, these two coordinates should point to the top left corner of where you want your down arrow to be on your balloon.


onlinemarker.x,15
onlinemarker.y,259

//Onlinemarker is where your online indicator will be. Again, you'll want the top left corner of where you want this to be on your balloon for your coordinates. Place them in here.


sstpmarker.x,30
sstpmarker.y,242

//sstpmarker is where your choice marker will be when the ghost is possibly doing some sstp related function. It's something very rare that doesn't seem to appear very often, but you can see it in balloon test mode... the white text that says "balloon test mode" is sstpmessage text (as below). Wherever you decide to put that text, you should put the sstpmarker alongside it. I've rarely ever seen sstpmessage text/sstpmarker show up in a balloon in casual use, so I wouldn't worry TOO much about it. Just set it someplace where it won't run too much into normal text and you should be fine.


sstpmessage.x,43
sstpmessage.y,242

//These set the values of the sstpmessage text. If you look at the balloon template in balloon test mode, you'll see that this text is near the bottom of the balloon, relatively out of the way. Again, I've rarely seen it appear, so as long as you tuck it in some small place like this, it should be fine.


number.xr,275
number.y,256
